Are we recording?
OK.
Yes, we are.
Alright, so I don't know the
names of the rooms. Let me start
from the back where that is.
OK, so this is the backyard.
And it's all against the street.
That little vehicle. So we park
along the street there.
And we own all the way out until
this area.
Small walk out here. I have no
idea what this used to be and
might be an old building that
was on there.
Umm yeah.
Is it choppy on your end because
maybe I should record it. It's
choppy on your side.
And no, it's fine.
OK. And then when you go up
here, I think this is an old
water well.
OK.
The here on the side, I think
there's a deep water well down
inside of there and they just
covered it up.
Yeah, it does look like that.
And then this we we own all the
way over to this fence.
Alright.
So what I would like to do
that's my little lawn mower
there. I'd like to build a
little roof right here and put a
door on it to protect my lawn
mower so I can lock it up. So
Umm.
that's this is the existing that
I want you to draw and then also
put the planned but somehow a
roof on that.
Going out there, you want that?
Here is a clean out system for
the sewer.
So that's a drainage pipe.
This used to probably be a
porch.
Because they have this, they're
probably used to be a door right
here. Come out so that.
Hmm yeah.
So here is the current
electrical panel.
And the cable system. So this is
100 amps.
This is 100 amps.
And then there are also broken
up 100 a 100.
And then over here on the side,
that's like for Internet for
telephone. So those three boxes,
they can be gone, we don't need
them at all, they can just get
ripped off because they're old.
OK. And then if you look inside
of here?
That's what it looks like right
now inside.
Gosh, it's.
Ohh OK this one inside.
So the weather controlled, they
have a master switch here
underneath that's turned on.
You're right, it's a D it's a
gas.
No, that's electric this is.
Go ohh.
This is the on off switch for
this box, and then there's an
Oh, right.
off switch here for this box and
there's no bubble on this one,
so this one doesn't work. I just
called on Monday. They should
Right.
come out and give me the
approval to turn that on. So we
only have one right now. So half
the power in the house works.
Right.
OK, you have a basement down
there.
And so all these wires come in
that go down into the basement.
So take you down there. Ohh,
come on. He locked it up.
OK so.
Then all those wires that you
saw, they come in from this
boxes. No, on all on the top,
back to the back. Then they sell
the house. So he boxes. That's
all for now.
Your video is stuck.
Hey your video stuff.
Your videos stuck.
How about now?
Yeah, yeah, it would sound.
OK.
So all these wires. So I came
down the basement. All the wires
come in there, they come back
along here. One of them is a
little on off switch for the
furnace. That's right here.
You have two.
Hot water heaters over there.
And then this pipe here. I know
it's dark.
That that pipe is for gas, so
that gas pipe goes all the way
back through the whole property
straight back there, the water
comes from way back there too.
And my door is closing.
Yeah. The water comes from way
back to there.
And then back here.
There's an on a big valve that I
can turn for the water.
And then over here.
You can see where the water pipe
is, so the water comes in and it
comes out. There's four and we
have off valves for all four of
them.
OK.
So that and then we have this
shelf over here that has a lot
of junk on it.
And on this side, we're going to
put a dryer here and a washer
here.
Click.
How are going back up to the
real world?
OK, let's go inside. Show you
that part.
I'm recording.
OK, so this is a room you have
an outlet here in the corner.
Have an outlet over there.
But just a blank spot there. A
hole in the wall here.
I don't know why there's a hole
in the wall.
Another outlet there.
I think it's gonna be an hour.
Wires are just hanging out now.
Yeah.
OK.
So that's this side over here.
Just the front room. That's
where the heater comes in.
That's called the.
Intake it takes.
Congratulation.
This takes ear back to the
heater.
It doesn't Kick It Out.
And that might be the wind.
So here is another heater.
So I showed you a heater down in
the basement, so this is a
secondary heater. AS2 heater
systems in the property.
And then here is a little
kitchen.
We need to upgrade that toilet
over there, put a brand new one
in.
And.
Not sure how much work this
whole bathroom needs. It's just
dark in there. I don't really
wanna go in there right now.
It's just dark.
And then we just pull this thing
out yesterday. So it has a
little tiny kitchen area here.
For some calmness above it, that
thing usually goes back and that
wall.
Looking back into the back of
the property, they have these
counts up here.
And probably needs a new kitchen
design. Eventually they'll
probably be in like 20 to 184
new design here.
Alright, now I'm going to take
you guys upstairs, so we have
some stairs that were going up.
Living up here.
He's the only renter of the
whole house. He's the king of
the house.
Any Kitty came to me.
I don't see him.
There's something on your
camera. Is that your finger?
Yes. Come on, man. Alright,
fine. Are you the other hand?
OK, so this is like the attic.
You could see how it curves.
Yeah.
OK, so you need to draw that in
for this bedroom.
There's a hole in the wall that
he's patched.
And that's like a little
cubbyhole where we can look back
and see the attic in there.
That's pretty cool.
Umm.
Ohh.
We did put a new outlet in over
here already on this side.
As USB in it.
That's just a little closet.
Definitely needs new either new
carpet or hardwood floor. Maybe
underneath all of this there's
hardwood floor. I personally I
love hardwood floors.
Me too.
Umm.
Sometimes we can pick this stuff
up. No, that's not hard work.
Well, I don't know what it is.
Maybe that's for another day.
OK, there is a leak right now.
This is where the leak is
showing.
And it's not coming through that
hole in the attic. So here's
another little bedroom on this
side.
There's also a leak over inside
of that. That's just a closet
over there. There's a leak in
it.
OK, I think that's all on this
side. So it's set up like a
duplex. So I have to go back
downstairs and I cross over into
the other side of the house.
A duplex means it.
OK.
So that's that on this whole
side, you can see the hole in
the wall. I don't know why they
put the whole wall, but that
gets to the other side of the
property. I could just crawl
through there. Let's do it.
Let's crawl through.
Can you do that? Even that a
small hole?
I'm here. I'm eight it.
Hmm.
Umm.
OK, so now we have this side.
And we have a leak over here.
All of that just fell down like
three weeks ago.
Because there's water damage,
there's water coming in through
there.
And that same water is coming in
through here. So that room I
showed you as above with closet,
I think.
Ohh.
This is gonna.
That's causing a seepage.
We.
Yeah. We just pulled out this
little.
Stove just to see the electric
behind it all this electric
needs to be upgraded to a
lecture there GFCI outlets, so
you guys should learn what GFCI
outlets are already. Have all
the outlets right here.
That's GFCI, and they also all
need to have this little line on
this side. If it doesn't have
that line sideways, then it's
not 20 amps, so you'll see
written on here.
20.
That means it's 20 amps.
OK, so all of them that we did
have that little line on the
side, it's two up and down and
I'll line on the side. I called
them Chinese men.
Mm-hmm.
So this is an old one that's the
old style.
Yeah.
And he needs taken out for two
reasons. For one, he doesn't
have the little line on the
side, but also anywhere that
water can get.
You need these buttons in the
middle.
So obviously sync a water can
get there, so he needs to have
You.
the GFCI. The little buttons on
it anywhere in the whole
Alright.
kitchen, anywhere within 12 feet
of water needs to have GFCI. So
that one needs changed as well.
This is a connection that
actually has gas coming up here,
and it has electric coming up
here, so we can use gas or
electric stove in this area I
wanna keep.
Electric for now. Just put that
back in there, but keep that in
mind that we could put gas over
there and have it in your map.
This is a little laundry area,
kind of interesting. It's
underneath the stairs.
And that that side is made for
the dryer, I guess. Yeah. And I
Yeah, right.
think that little thing there
that's probably the vent they
probably have that covered up as
a vent. And then here's the
Wrong.
water coming up for the washer
and this corner.
These are the pipes behind the
shower, so they put little
access panels like this behind a
shower. So if I take you back
inside the bathroom at this side
of property.
You can see it back there.
And there's a shower back there,
so you have the access panels
over there, and then the actual
shower on the side. They do that
quite often, very tiny bathroom.
Again, we don't have the lights
on. And again, I have some roof
damage up here.
Because we have that water leak.
Now, if Hadijah actually their
job and got me a roofer.
My property wouldn't be falling
in like this. This didn't exist
Do you have all the pictures of
the roof damage on this
among.
property?
Dude, I'm giving it to you right
now this very minute. This is
Ah.
it.
Fix this.
This this and hire me a roofer.
It's not complex.
Alright, but you know, uh no.
The roofers I talked to, they
Yeah.
will do the whole roof repair.
They won't do the patches I
talked to like three of them and
all of them said we won't do,
just patch it. We will just.
What? Ask them the price if the
price is cheap, I'm cool with
it.
OK, so anyway, this is another.
And OK.
Other room.
So kind of giving you a view. If
there's this room that we came
through, remember we came
through the hole in the wall. We
went in the kitchen, we went in
the bathroom, tons of water
damage all in this area of the
house. All three rooms have
water damage because of hadija.
And then we have a door going
outside hadija. Also, she wants
me to die because we have no
column here, so they're supposed
to be a column, just like
there's a column here and a
column here.
But there's no call him in the
house.
Yeah, there's no column. Look at
that. No column. You just.
Hello how is this still
stunning?
She just wants me to die. She's
just waiting to see me
flattened.
So she needs to figure out how
tall this one is and get a
replacement for it.
Yep, that's her job.
Can you make it for me?
I'm busy. I'm busy filming right
now.
Alright.
OK. So we're going back in. We
have this room.
Umm, we eventually need somebody
to like sand and gloss the
hardwood floors. I think these
are original hardwood floors. I
think they will look gorgeous
once you send them.
Yeah, they will.
We need somebody for the plaster
walls. We have little spots like
this and I don't know what they
did. They had the nails
everywhere.
Now that is cool.
That's a lot of nails.
And.
Have little spots like this in
the wall, so this stuff is
called plaster PLA.
Faster, so you need a new
plaster artist to come in and
fix all of that up. I want every
single hole gone in there.
Fixed. We might train like wasfa
how to do that.
Who knows?
It's not really hard work. OK,
so then there's a another poor
child here. Now, this is the
port that I showed you before.
In the photos that this roof
came and fell in.
I need.
And you have to see why all of
the roots are falling in. I
mean, we buy these properties
super cheap and this is what we
do. We buy them and we fix this
kind of crap.
Right.
But at least this one has the
pole.
What?
Yep.
OK, so that's that. I'm gonna go
upstairs here.
So that has like stairs that
curve around. It's just takes
you up and shows you where that
water damage is starting from.
OK, so the water damage is
starting.
From up there in the attic.
And I did put some buckets up
there.
Just temporarily.
Let's keep on climbing.
I'll look at them. My bucket
fell over.
Ohh.
So I have a few.
But it's.
Buckets here.
And there's a whole look at
that. Just a hole in the roof.
But actually the water is coming
in from right here. I don't know
if you guys can see it.
Our son, there's a hole over
there.
But if that guy wants to change
out the whole roof, whatever,
man he can do, he can go for it.
That is better be a cheap price.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Got a cool, cute little window
over there.
I want to put flooring down here
so I can actually walk up here.
The ceilings kinda hot. We could
use this for something if we put
flooring in it.
Yeah.
Network number.
And that thing? You got it
right.
That's really bad.
Yeah, it's pretty big.
Yeah.
OK, I'm going. I'm going back
down. It's gonna be a.
So you can use polythene.
I think Aleem.
But for.
Yeah.
That the the you need my help.
I can hear you, Hammad girl.
What?
You're really quite Hammad, say
that again.
Yeah.
Yet yes, I'm saying you you can
use policy for a temporary
treatment.
For this hole.
Tell you I can't hear you at
all.
My mic.
Can you hear me now, Sir?
I'm old. You gotta you gotta
yell, dude.
You are far from your mic.
Sir, I'm saying that.
You need uh, you can, you can
use uh polythene sheet for a
temporary treatment for these
leads.
So I don't know polytene
treatment. Just write it down so
What?
that people know.
For the team sheet, OK.
Write it on a chat please.
OK, so we need the walls
painted. Looks like somebody
started, but they're lazy and
they didn't do it. Looks like
they didn't do a very good job
anyway.
So need all the walls painted.
No.
The electric we have an
appointment to turn the electric
on Monday, so we will see you on
Monday. That stuff works.
Again, it has a hard floor. This
is called distressed. Distressed
means it hasn't been treated
well. So we need to.
Yeah. Figure out why and sand
it. It does not look like
there's a leakage in this side,
except that one corner there,
which we already knew about.
So, but that is gonna damage the
wood right here, unless we.
Mitigate that rather quickly.
And that's just whenever Hadijah
decides to finally get us a
contractor. We got plenty of
money for it.
Ohh, I'd like those lamps. Why
are they lying on the floor man?
Yeah, yeah.
I like him too. That's why I
bought them. I just didn't have
anywhere to put them. I like the
photo too. The photo is cute.
Yeah. For this I like the frame
of the photo.
Yeah, me too. But I didn't have
a place to hang it.
It's cool.
That's.
OK. So yeah, I like this room.
It has a good vibe. It's gonna
be nice. And there's actually a
fireplace back behind this wall
so you can see where the.
So I think it would be nice to
rip that back down and bring the
fireplace back.
Maybe like a the bed over on
that wall with a little
fireplace here.
I don't know, or even a bed up
against the window coming out.
TV above your fireplace, little
fireplace.
OK, so there's no there's no
bathroom much up here, which I
Yeah.
don't like. There is this little
tiny cubby I lost you.
There is this little cubby. It
looks like they had it for,
like, a little kid closet or
something.
And I'd like to remodel this.
Maybe it's gonna be 1/2 bath
Right.
like just a toilet and a sink.
I.
Yeah, I'm not sure what you want
to put on there, but you at
least kind of see the dimensions
of that place and see how the
doors all kind of connect.
And that's it. And we just
constantly get more and more
damage to this property since
we're not fixing the roof, the
lack of fixing the roof is
turning this into a really bad
property. So that needs to be
addressed before really anything
else.
And.
I taught hadijah how to get a
roofer, but she just doesn't
really care. She wants her
property. Just keep dying.
No, now I know the proper method
to do it, so this time I will do
it better and with your
approvals.
You could either please tire
room for for this property. This
is my one of my favorite.
The thing is, time doesn't wait.
We can have all excuse in the
world, but at the end of the day
it's gonna rain. It's gonna get
wet. It's gonna die.
Yeah.
OK, so I just want to show you
the outside of the building.
Oh cool.
Outside is very pretty.
The sky is cool.
We've done a lot of work, we've
done a lot of work on the
outside so far. I know it still
has issues. We have no
landscaping, no orders. We even
thought of putting a little
fence up around the property
with vines growing on it. I
trimmed this tree up a lot of
the tree was touching the ground
before, so now you can see
underneath.
And we still need to clean up a
lot of the weeds along here.
But it's coming along. It's
starting to look like a nice
addition to the community.
Well.
That's a corner house. That's
why is has like 2 entries.
OK.
Uh, three entries.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
Because in the back too.
I'm going to go across the
street.
Just so you could see more of
it.
Yeah, I see it now. Yeah, that's
300.
Are we still recording?
Yes, we are.
German does this help you with
your your work?
Malik and Hammad, if you guys.
Among malaise.
You guys need anything else?
Just tell me now. And are such
Uh.
thing now.
Yes.
What the what Malik?
I think you you you covered
almost everything in your
You could.
recording.
Outside these little steps up
here, I think it'd be cool to
put an archway on them and maybe
something more along the edge.
And this doesn't have to be
brown. We can spray it off, put
a coating on it.
There's a lot of little tiny
things. I also thought banking
this having a wall all here
rigid with a cute concrete.
Yeah.
Just to make it look less
approachable, I don't want it to
feel approachable. I could show
you some other properties that
have that same vision I'm
talking about.
Yeah, that's right.
Alright. And that's all we need.
Give you plenty, huh?
Really.
That's all.
Yep.
Now, Suzanne took a lot of
photos to you. I'll turn the
video off. Let's stop the
recording.
OK.
And Suzanne also just just now
took a ton of photos.